anything you can fit in this circle I'll
pay for really really you're starting
off with two PlayStations yep what else
do you want this is a good item right
here it's definitely not for me yeah
this T-Rex yeah it's not for me okay
before I get more stuff I'm going to see
how this fits in the circle oh you're
stacking them vertical don't let it
touch the red tape oh if you touch that
red tape Chandler we put everything back
finesse baby okay Chandler you can walk
away with all this stuff or you can keep
stacking up more just keep stacking you
want to switch yeah how about two yeah
you want another switch yeah we should
switch it up and get a switch good joke
good joke are you sure you can make that
fit in the circle yeah you could
probably put a lot of that on the bottom
or right
here what else should Chandler buy do
you think Chandler should get this TV
yes oh all right Chandler it's inside
the circle is there room on the other
side oh yeah there's plenty of room on
the other side it's free real estate any
of these items touch the red he has to
put it all back here you got it there
you go oh oh it's a waffle these are
going to be a problem in
it it just Falls over all right here you
want to put the last one in there make
sure you put it right on the circle
there you go there you go
congratulations you got everything in
the
circle here you go little man thank you
this is Tyler and Tyler anything you fit
in this circle I'll pay for it it looks
like a rectangle well that's the table
oh is there a circle under it yes okay
all right this is a $280 anime statue
doll you should get it but I had my eye
on that right when I came in here I
wanted to get this O Okay this would be
cool how big's the circle I mean I don't
know Tyler do you want more stuff or is
just all you want okay I'm not done dud
I saw this in the last Mr Beast video do
you really think this is going to fit in
The Circle Be F let's see there is no
way this fits in that square I'm just
going to be honest he's lost this is a
pretty Shield I want to get it I think
I'm pretty satisfied this is a lot of
stuff this is probably like $110,000 I'm
going to call quits for real let's get
everything off the table and reveal to
him his Circle I'm actually nervous you
ready see I wasn't nervous before how
big your circle is yeah a little bit
it's not actually a circle it is a
square oh gosh oh there's a chance get
it closer to the ground so he can
balance more as long as it stays in the
circle yeah it's definitely going to fit
oh oh guys guys wait Tyler this is about
to hit the red fix it okay I got it you
can go over the red tape as long as
you're not touching the ground all right
how do you want to do all right gentle
slow where's the hole at w slow slow
everyone take a second all right is
anyone touching it I'm not okay all
right we need to hurry wao wao easy easy
wait Tyler put everything else up there
you everything I'll hold it I'm
panicking right now I didn't think I'd
get this far all right if anything Falls
Tyler you lose you're freaking me out
you're freaking me out and you wanted
the shield put the shield in the front
shield in the front there is no way this
works waa okay oh Square check it's
still in the square is that everything
hold on hold on is this it yeah all
right I'm off 1 2 let's go let's do that
wow as you guys can see this mountain of
stuff is all in the Square how much
Faith did you have in I had zero faith I
would have bet every dollar I had that
you wouldn't have made this work I
needed all of this yeah you really
needed that $5,000 Joker sent you up
next is a grocery store and the people
who are shopping this time work at a
soup kitchen this is a very big circle
they're going to be able to feed this
soup kitchen for a while I'm the manager
and he's my Treasurer we have a circle
under this tarp now I don't know if you
can see the circle it's very well hidden
but anything can fit in this mysterious
Circle we'll pay for we've bought
everything in the store before so you're
Good's getting excited we are the only
suit kitchen in town and we serve about
35,000 meals last year high has 240
people in one day nonstop well here
let's get let's get food let's see with
the emotions for the end it's a ongoing
thing we have about 75 volunteers and I
feel this is my calling to feed people
to make sure nobody go hungry if I can
help we have a power jack so we can just
just grabbed this whole pallet of water
bottles thank you no problem oh we're
just getting started don't cry yet at
the very end of this I have a really
cool surprise for them watch to the
end that's what my wife is
fro congratulations thank you I'm
overwhelmed I'm totally overwhelmed this
is just amazing and that ought to do it
we have a lot of stuff over there and a
lot of carts over here do you still
think all this will fit in this circle
we're going to give it our best try
let's r revealed the circle wow who
would have
[Music]
guess everything's going to fit where
you don't even have to take him out of
the cart Chandler Place the final cart
tin watch it not fit Oh no just uh what
are you doing Chris nothing and there it
is oh wow the circle magically extended
and
congratulations we got to get the tears
off wait well don't start crying yet cuz
I have one more surprise here's a
$20,000 check for your soup kitchen as
well I didn't even know you were doing
that y at the end of the pizza video I
said this $20,000 donation to and here
we go thank you so much thank you so
much D that's awesome there you go we
ain't never had nobody bless us like
this nothing compared to this this
really has made our year so we have a
giant red circle here and I'm putting a
sign right here that says stand in this
circle for $100 and we're starting a
10-minute timer I'm going to go hide and
see if anyone stands in it all right
there's people watching up to it wait oh
they ignored it let's see if she doesn't
no no she doesn't care oh wait this guy
this guy we're grabbing some attention I
wonder what they're saying that's scary
yeah I'm going do it too so if we stand
in the circle when it hit 0 $100 but
what are they going to do to us when
when it hit they going give me on and
wow there's so many people I can't
believe there's that many people this is
a people trap this is how you catch
people it'd be funny if we just drove
off and didn't didn't pay them they just
Chandler here's a stack of money yay
Chris here's a stack of money when we go
up there help me pay him how much do we
give him a piece what does the sign say
I didn't read it I can't believe you
guys actually sat in a circle that's
$100 for everyone who was in The
Circle thank you for standing in a
circle here you
[Music]
go let me say thank you that was sweet I
thought it was fake I'm not supposed to
be over here I mean it's low risk High
reward why not up next to chanler again
and since he's already gone we're going
to make the circle much smaller do you
let me do it yeah he's going to kill you
when he watches this this triangle is
smaller than my
hand all right Chandler look how big the
tarp is the circle is ginormous I'm
getting this this is $400 how about you
get this okay now this this is something
to get here oh a brick aren't those 30
bucks all I don't know let's get a
supreme brick this is an $1,800 Louis
Vuitton bag I know you want it you don't
have to convince me these right here
very good shoe and then we'll do these
Chandler's getting $500 pink shoes and
$570 green shoes why are these shoes so
expensive chanler you know I couldn't
tell you how big do you think this
circle is I want to get a bunch of stuff
but I'm really scared that it's going to
be a small circle Chandler do you like
triangles I like squares and circles
what about triangles though okay like
pizza oh Pizza it's a pizza take a slice
of
pizza that's what you're working with
here you have $1,000 and shoes a $250
teddy bear $250 wire cutter $400 statue
a $30 brick a $2,000 bag and like a
$1,000 wall okay reveal the
[Music]
pizza that's a p where did you get the
piece of pizza from a children's store
yeah none of this is going to fit so
you're going to start off with this
little wallet all right see if you can
fit everything on that wallet so it's a
little W than a brick I don't know if I
would put the brick ah don't tell me
what to do well your plan is to stuff
everything into your $2,000 bag and put
it on top almost everything yes all
right easy easy it's going to fall it's
going to fall there's no way it doesn't
all right I got to place this very
carefully there's no way this works dude
I'm lit I'm like sweating oh no what's
the wallet doing it's buckling all right
just
restart okay now let him do it all right
you got it from here bro all right so
you're going to try the bag again yeah
I'll try it again so last time I noticed
the
why why am I being tackled I feel really
bad got to spend my own money now is
this the time where we break the news
that Chris drew the pizza why would you
give me that like really how about we
all just hug just no biting in this hug
and with that on to the next place for
this next door we have a big circle
because we're at a furniture store and
Furniture is Big this is John and he's
going to be doing Furniture shopping
today I heard that some floods struck
your house came home after the flood and
and when we walked in the house we could
tell that the water had been up 6 to 8
steps there's a giant Circle over there
and any furniture you can fit in it
we'll pay for take it out and we'll buy
for you come on now any furniture that
you can fit in it we'll pay for oh wow
do you want this bed bed two lamps all
right say no more they'll move it on
over this one for the kitchen that's for
the dining room do the plates come
included because of you will make it
happen we're going to run them up for
everything oh oh after
fantastic I don't know what's going on
anymore it's starting to fill up pretty
nicely oh there's more furniture all
right I don't
[Music]
know this is the bedroom that you want
yes sir in one condition you have to lay
on it yeah come on right next to me
right there you know how much is this
bedroom how much
$3,000 what I'm pretty certain we've
spent over $100,000 today already it's
okay if you subscribe it makes it all
better
fancy oohoo it's close but it is in it's
in let check we good the circle is like
practically full C this is going to fill
up your house all right so this is the
final little space you're thinking of
sofa sofa I love seeing okay see if it
fits make it to SL SL just bring it the
so as long as that wheel that's good
technically that's good this doesn't
look like it's in the circle the wheels
that are touching the ground are in the
circle the the sofa counts feel good
baby I'm just so excited I don't know
what to do I might not cry no
more God bless all of you God bless you
God love you and I do too
congratulations on all your new
furniture I hope you guys end up loving
it if not can I come back I mean sure
let's load it all up take it to the
house this furniture ended up costing
almost
$30,000 I think we made the circle a
little too big we're at a new store and
this next family is in need so I'm going
to put you in Charger drawing the circle
now remember if they lose you're going
to feel like crap put that information
make a circle we got a pentagon this is
a lot of space good job ow so this is
the Wilkerson family and there is a
circle underneath these tarps anything
you can grab that fits in the circle
will'll pay for this the first time we
ever done this I'm glad thank you Lord
this is a leg massager you you mentioned
your legs were hurting you want me to
throw it in the cart please thank you
this is a big box I hope it fits do you
guys want $100 toothbrushes two BRD I
got four of them right here y got a lot
of money huh if it fits in the circle it
doesn't matter what it costs this family
clearly needs to help go make the
trapezoid bigger as big as you can make
the whole store of trapez we need about
four them how about we just take all of
them okay all right thank you Christmas
came early hey Chris you told him to get
a Ninja blender what do you like
fortnite ooh that's a good one I'm going
to go check on Chand I'll be right back
okay how's it coming back got to cover
it up oh you did extend it wow I'm
seeing a little space right here might
want to do a little more extending if
they somehow lose the viewers are going
to hate you how big do you think the
circle is not de be I'm going to try to
stack it up close together I'm feeling
blessed I need to find a church cuz I
almost gave up that's actually how we
got in contact with you the local Pastor
he told us about you you don't have a
car either mm-m our car broke down CH
she needs a car and she has hospital
bills I need $10,000 I'll call right
away hello we need it's not a phone what
is this self-destructs activated oh it's
my money I'll go get $110,000 you get
they filled up 11 entire cards I really
hope it fits let's reveal the circles
yeah the circle would re tape it oh my
God so if all that fits in here we'll
pay for it you like how I made this big
enough yes Lord it is very big you
bought 13 cards full of
stuff oh are you about to cry I am cry
here's the last one once this crosses it
everything is yours and boom we will for
all this it is yours oh my goodness you
told me earlier you had a little bit of
hospital bills and you need a car so
here's a check for $10,000 are you
kidding to buy anything you need not
what what man are you serious I oh my
God oh my God oh my God I cannot believe
this ain't nobody never help me this
much in my life I wa all my life I'm
about to have a heart attack God bless
y'all thank you oh my god thank you
thank you you so much I try to give and
show everybody love and respect and this
is the most love and respect I 57 who's
cutting onions jeez me this morning for
my lunch for those people that give up
like I did don't up next is Der and she
works with people with learning
disabilities if you want to tell them a
little more about what you do we work
with people have intellectual and
development disabilities in their homes
and try to make them as independent as
possible wouldn't it make sense to show
her the circle because it's for good
cause pick a number between 1 and three
three three doesn't matter here's your
circle nothing can
touch that red tape at all all right go
for it so she's about to get a couple
tablets and why do they need tablets um
tablets are important for the people who
can't speak for themselves they don't
have a voice some folks that have autism
they have language input but not output
so they can't tell you what they're
thinking and tell you what they want
literally every tablet we'll take it so
how many people does uh RSI work with at
least 50 75 100 say no more these are
$1.99 a piece okay that's a lot of uh
hit
psych there's still more on the Shelf
what are you guys doing do they have
fitbits three rows over I wonder what's
in here oh God how about here let play
video a lot of folks need help with
brushing teeth cuz it's hard to reach in
the back I got these let's do it these
are the F Parts this gives them control
of their life and they would love this
this looks like a very expensive cart
but it's for people in need so I don't
care all right let's bring it all to the
circle I'm feel like I'm going to be out
of the circle I'm scared okay I think
this is good I hope hope I'm fitting in
the circle R this here SP very close not
even a finger width away I'm going to
slide it this way a little
bit is that the last piece all right
here you got to put the final item up
there no pressure now we count to two
one one two congratulations all this
stuff we'll pay for thanks guys this is
really like amazing and the people RSI
are going to love this I'm looking at
everything here and I'm just seeing how
many different ways going to impact
their lives brushing teeth obviously
with oral health the headphones noise CS
is going to help them get out in the
community and not be as afraid so
they're going to be like active members
of society this right here is just going
to impact them in some many ways you
can't even imagine thank you for
allowing us to help them we're going to
head to the next store and this time our
contestant is a Middle School baseball
coach there is a circle under this tarp
whatever you buy if it fits in that
Circle we'll pay for definitely need a
new catcher M let's go look at some
cleat right now he's grabbing cleats for
his players this is way more pressure
than I thought it would be yeah now
let's see if we can make it fit oh oh
that was close he's still not touching
the red he's good so this helmet belongs
right here all right you have two bats
left so this is the climatic ending okay
all right one two Bingo you won wow that
is awesome now we're going to check out
and go surprise his team hey what's up
everyone okay I guess they know who we
are we have a surprise for you guys your
coach competed in a challenge and
won please someone get hurt
Grandma before we go can me and Chandler
hit some baseballs real quick yeah all
right Chandler show
[Music]
us and that's it for now we're going to
the next store you guys know the deal we
have a circle under this tarp she
doesn't know how big the circle is
anything you fit in there I'll pay for
here's a $400 hair dryer all right I got
your Xbox do you want a hoverboard I
sure do okay if we reveal the circle you
can't grabb anything else reveal it okay
reveal the
circle I think it was going to be so
much bigger all right so I'm starting
with this don't let it touch the red
there you go so this is going to go on
top
here this is her final item she going
for the stack okay wow boom everything
fit in the circle congratulations you
won thank you as you guys know Chris is
about to be a dad and logically we're at
a baby store anything you can fit in the
circle under this tarp we'll buy for
Tucker there you go that looks good okay
that's a lot of clothes so you want this
car seat yeah okay do you want this
thing he's just going to have to install
this seat in his car I hope this seat
fits in the circle let's clear
everything off the table and reveal the
circle oh that's not as big as I thought
it was going to be we should go ahead
and put this at the very bottom oh it
stuff's already about the full no it's
fine perfect fit you got space all right
oh yeah oh my Chris Chris is really
close don't let it touch stop dude it's
literally about the touch wait you have
two items left yeah they got to go up
top maybe oh gosh I'm nervous I'm
nervous this is your last item Chris a
car seat this is all for you Tucker all
right last piece you ready boys I've got
my hands off everybody take your hands
off and then we'll count it too yay look
at they were yay this next challenge is
a little different we have a ton of
money here as much money as you can
stack in this Square you can keep but
you're stacking you're stacking your
stacking pum it falls we're like oh
sorry you head home for real yeah you
want 5 grand 6 grand how about 10,000
dude if you could stack it up to here
you could so you're going for a three
Pat or no should I try it it's it's up
to you man so far this is $600 you want
to have that counterweight right there
to okay so we got to count, 1400 yeah 14
so far at that 29 that's three grand
right there $3,000 it is wobbly okay
let's stop let's think about it so right
now if you quit You've Won I think we
should keep stacking all right keep
stacking man 38 two more and you're at
four okay this is it right here this is
the last stack 4400 well you might as
well keep going put on right on top of
that one 5,000 go for it all right hold
on I got you oh my God I'm not touching
it don't be scared this is it right here
$5,000 that's it you did it you taking
it I'm taking it he's taking it I'm
taking it no tell 5 grand $5,000 baby
subscribe everybody and while you're at
it this video wasn't sponsored and we
literally spent over $100,000 if you
could hit that subscribe button it would
mean the world to support the brand in
any way I love you
guys B
6,000 oh